Update obtaining-directory-change-notifications.md (#1874)
MicrosoftDocs/win32: desktop-src/FileIO/obtaining-directory-change-notifications.md

To retrieve information about the specific change as part of the notification, use the [**ReadDirectoryChangesW**](/windows/desktop/api/WinBase/nf-winbase-readdirectorychangesw) function. This function also enables you to provide a completion routine.

> Note that FindFirstChangeNotification and ReadDirectoryChangesW are mutually exclusive. You would use one or the other, but not both.

Reviewer: Minor wording suggestion and formatting to highlight the note. Looks good otherwise. Thanks for calling this out.

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The **FindFirstChangeNotification** and **ReadDirectoryChangesW** functions are mutually exclusive. You should use one or the other, but not both.
```
